* metric 1 - Once metric we observe is how many people are using the applications by using Google Analytics within Google Firebase. By using this we can see how many users use site, how long they are on it for, and other information such as where in the world they were using it from. With information such as this we can design and update our app so that it can be used by a
  broad spectrum of people not just friends and family.  
  
* metric 2 - One metric we can observe is the notification effectiveness by using google analytics within google firebase. We can utilize Firebase Cloud Messaging to send notifications to users; providing the user with relevant information to them. From there we can measure the effectiveness of those messages depending upon their initial intent. For example; if we wanted to send a notification to users to remind them they should log on and schedule a maintenance for a room that our systems detect should need an update. We can then track whether or not hte user logged on within a given timeframe of recieving the notification. AS well as how long they used the app after having logged in. We could further this analaysis by conducting A/B testing with different versions of notifications, to try and discover if the form of notification recieved increases the responsiveness of the users.  
  
* metric 3 - One metric we can observe is retention. By monitoring on an annual basis, the reoccurrence of our users logging into our application, we can see how many of our users continue to use our application after the initial download. This is especially important for an application that will not be used on a daily basis. 
   
* metric 4 -  
  
* metric 5 - One metric we can observe is the A/B Testing on light mode vs. dark mode for the UI. Hypothetically, we can assume users would heavily prefer light mode but there also may be users who believe light mode is too bright and would prefer a dark mode. We could experiment by using Google Analytics within Firebase to track how many users toggle to light/dark mode. We can utilize the measurement of results to decide whether the feature should be implemented into the app or not. 
